Atcommand setcard (#7804)
rathena/rathena: doc/atcommands.txt

---------------------------------------

@setcard <equip position> <slot> <card>

Adds a card to the specific slot of the equipment.

<equip position>:
1: Lower Headgear
2: Right Hand
4: Garment
8: Left Accessory
16: Body Armor
32: Left Hand
64: Shoes
128: Right Accessory
256: Top Headgear
512: Mid Headgear

<slot> number: 0-3.

> <card> can actually be any existing item. Put 0 to remove the card.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<card> can actually be any existing card or enchant item. Put 0 to remove it.
```
